Akano March
Take advantage of the danger
Aren't you afraid that the world will laugh at you?
I was undefeated just now
Otherwise, I'm no match for Nangong
Can't give him a chance to recover
Otherwise it will be me who will die
The world of cultivators is weak and strong
Don't you understand such a simple truth?
Then you will kill me first.
And me and me and me too
The Lord died straight today
This master is willing to serve with death
Exactly.
I Dongyi people are by no means greedy for life and afraid of death
The Lord saved my life
Then my life is his
If you want to kill him, you have to kill me first
I didn't expect the three to be affectionate and righteous
Comparable to the so-called Son of Heaven on the continent
More fools
I advise you to submit to the Son of Heaven now
I can spare your life
Yes, I advise you not to be cocooned
Submit or die a bunch of fools
Ancestor, I see this
All dead right
Kill them all, then go to hell
Hey, Master, wait a minute
It's all a mob
If you only kill chickens, you need to slaughter cows
I'm here, Ancestor, let's do it
Kill these dragon girls for me
Not a single one
Well, Fenglaizhao
What happened? What happened?